To do: 
make sure the turn by turn distances change correcty
add re-routing


Try a new stratergy for route defining:
Make every 2 waypoints a separate route mt.Route[n] - I can't see any disadvantage the having several 2 waypoint routes


If a route is modified then either the router makes it's own decisions or anchors are used to constrain the router:
        1 add 2 anchor points to define the bit of the route to be rerouted add option of defining a waypoint as an anchor
        2 add a new waypoint to the route which will remove the section between the anchors.
        3 calculate a new 3 waypoint route between the anchors that includes the new waypoint.
        4 remove the anchor waypoints
        5 repeat process if further modigications are needed

Think about allowing a step back option on editing routes
                   

On next Flutter release see if Impeller is sorted: 
change the android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml
remove the lines in  <meta-data
        android:name="io.flutter.embedding.android.EnableImpeller"
        android:value="false"

then run flutter clean and rebuild the app.
then run flutter pub get

C:\Users\james\Projects\Drives\mobile app\drives\build\app\outputs\flutter-apk\app-debug.apk

Issues from 30 Sept 25
1 Resolve problem of inviting new users, and their successful logging in DONE
2 Resolve the roundabout issue DONE
3 Check maneuvers are keeping up with progress DONE
4 Download maps to device before starting trip
5 Re-routing is essential DONE
6 Resolve the group position problem - one user displays position correctly the other doesn't DONE
7 Sort out the handling of different font sized on devices - Gemini gave a stear.
8 Double check editing - changing the route with anchor points. DONE
9 Documentation


Doesn't work - 
Possible route for offline maps using http.MockClient to intercept the call to the router
Look at VectorMapStyle as that processes the URL
void main() async {
  theHttpClient = http.MockClient((request) async {
    if (request.url == Uri.parse('https://www.example.com/')) {
      return http.Response('hello world!', 200);
    }
    return http.Response('', 404);
  });

Done
For editing the route it would probably be best to let the user choose the action of any waypoints added:
  Start from here
  End here
  add to route
We could highlight the waypoints that would would be route leave and re-join points.
Trying to guess the user's intentions is difficult, and frustrating for the user.

One simple option would be to have 3 buttons "start trip here"  "end trip here"  "waypoint" this would allow the user to
change the start and end easitl, and either anchor the route or change the route with just 3 buttons. It would be very 
nice to highlite the waypoints that would be anchors if the target is off the route. 
This option should be available in both "create trip" and "edit trip" mode.

Done
Advice from Gemini:

    Prioritize Apple Silicon (M1/M2): If your budget allows, a used MacBook Air (M1, 2020) or Mac Mini (M1, 2020) will give you the best performance-to-price ratio and longest usability.

    RAM: 8GB Unified Memory (for Apple Silicon) or 8GB RAM (for Intel) is your minimum. Don't go below this.

    Storage: 256GB SSD is the minimum. Try for 512GB if possible.

    macOS Version: Ensure it can run macOS Ventura or newer. This is crucial for recent Xcode versions.







